Create cc-trial introduction file (#4004)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/getting-started/cc-trial.md

---

> id: cc-trial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: centreon-cloud-trial
```

> id: cc-trial

Reviewer: manque l'entrée de TdM

title: About the Centreon Cloud trial
---

## What is the Centreon Cloud trial?

> Centreon Cloud trial is a **free 14-day license** that includes the IT Edition with a monitoring capacity of up to 100 resources.

Author: ```suggestion
Centreon Cloud trial is a **free 7-days license** that includes the [IT Edition](https://www.centreon.com/centreon-editions/#editions-table) with a monitoring capacity of up to 100 resources.
```

> Centreon Cloud trial is a **free 7-days license** that includes the features available with our [IT Edition](https://www.centreon.com/centreon-editions/#editions-table) and with a monitoring capacity of up to 125 hosts.

Author: ```suggestion
Centreon Cloud trial is a **free 7-day license** that includes the features available with our [IT Edition](https://www.centreon.com/centreon-editions/#editions-table) and with a monitoring capacity of up to 125 hosts.
```

> Get started with Centreon Cloud to benefit from the Centreon monitoring platform in a SaaS version, for an experience free of installation and maintenance.

Author: "Get started with the trial version of Centreon Cloud" ?

> > Visit the [Editions](https://www.centreon.com/centreon-editions/) page to find out about the features included in the various editions of Centreon.

Reviewer: ça parle pas de cloud?

## About users and organizations

> ### User accounts information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User accounts
```

> User accounts are managed in the [Centreon CIAM](../ciam/ciam.md) (Customer Identity and Access Management) module: the Centreon’s access management tool. Your administrator needs to create an organization and invite the other users to it so that all team members can work on the same Centreon platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User accounts are managed in the [Centreon CIAM](../ciam/ciam.md) (Customer Identity and Access Management) module, Centreon’s access management tool. Your administrator needs to create an organization and invite the other users to it so that all team members can work on the same Centreon platform. 
```

### How to create an organization for your trial platform?

There are three steps to setting up your Centreon Cloud trial platform for an organization:

> - Your administrator fills in the form available on our [website](https://www.centreon.com/free-trial/) using a professional email adress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your administrator fills in [the form available on our website](https://www.centreon.com/free-trial/) using a professional email adress.
```

> - Your administrator fills in [the form available on our website](https://www.centreon.com/free-trial/) using a professional email adress.

Reviewer 2: address

> - Your administrator fills in [the form available on our website](https://www.centreon.com/free-trial/) using a professional email adress.

Author: ```suggestion
- Your administrator fills in [the form available on our website](https://www.centreon.com/free-trial/) using a professional email address.
```

> - Your platform will then be automatically created. This process can take a few minutes, you will be notified by email once the platform has finished building.

Reviewer 2: Il manque le step "vous recevez un un mail qui vous invite à créer votre mot de passe" et après "Ta PF va se créer automatiquement..."

> - Your organization will then be automatically created. This process can take a few minutes, you will be notified by email once the platform has finished building.

Reviewer: organization and platform are two different things

> - Your organization will then be automatically created. This process can take a few minutes, you will be notified by email once the platform has finished building.

Author: ```suggestion
- Your platform will then be automatically created. This process can take a few minutes, you will be notified by email once the platform has finished building.
```

> - Your administrator should get your platform ready, following the procedure explained in this [article](article the watch)(having joined the Centreon Cloud Trial group on The Watch is necessary for accessing the article). Your organization will then be created.

Author: ```suggestion
- Your administrator should get your platform ready, following the procedure explained in this [article](article the watch)(having joined the **Centreon Cloud Trial group** on The Watch is necessary for accessing the article). Your organization will then be created.
```

> - Once the platform is ready, Once the platform is ready, the administrator invites other users to create their own accounts on Centreon CIAM and join the trial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the platform is ready, the administrator invites other users to create their own accounts on Centreon CIAM and join the trial.
```

> Once the platform is set up, you can try out Centreon Cloud for 7 days, monitoring up to 125 hosts.

Reviewer 2: C'est un peu bizarre d'avoir les 2 "once the PF is ready..." Pourquoi ne pas mutualiser "You can try ..., 125 hosts, invite user to join"

> - Once the platform is ready, the administrator invites other users from your organization to the platform, through Centreon CIAM. Each user has an account on Centreon CIAM, through which they can access your organization's trial platform.

Author: ```suggestion
- Once the platform is ready, Once the platform is ready, the administrator invites other users to create their own accounts on Centreon CIAM and join the trial
```

> 

Reviewer 2: C'est pas un peu alambiqué tout ça?
maybe 
Once the platform is ready, the administrator invites other users to create their account and join the trial?

> Once the platform is set up, you can try out Centreon Cloud for 7 days, monitoring up to 125 hosts.

Reviewer 2: redite

> > Once the platform is set up, you can try out Centreon Cloud for 14 days, monitoring up to 100 hosts.

Author: ```suggestion
> Once the platform is set up, you can try out Centreon Cloud for 7 days, monitoring up to 100 hosts.
```

> > A limited number of trial platforms is available at the same time and so it is possible none are available when you submit the form. If this is the case, you will automatically be put in a waiting list and notified once a platform is opened for you.

Reviewer 2: Is it really necessary?

---
id: centreon-cloud-trial
title: About the Centreon Cloud trial
---

## What is the Centreon Cloud trial?

Centreon Cloud trial is a **free 7-day license** that includes the features available with our [IT Edition](https://www.centreon.com/centreon-editions/#editions-table) and with a monitoring capacity of up to 125 hosts.

Centreon Cloud offers the Centreon monitoring platform in a SaaS version, for an experience free of installation and maintenance.

> Visit the [Editions](https://www.centreon.com/centreon-editions/) page to find out about the features included in the various editions of Centreon.

## About users and organizations

### User accounts

> User accounts are managed in the [Centreon CIAM](../ciam/ciam.md) (Customer Identity and Access Management) module, Centreon’s access management tool. The person who first requests the Cloud Trial using the form becomes the "administrator". They will invite other users to the platform.

Reviewer 2: Désolé mais je ne suis pas fan de la formulation.
Perso je dirais plus qqch comme
The person requesting for a trial becomes de facto Centreon platform administrator, and as such is entitled to invite other user to join.
Après je vous laisse juge

> User accounts are managed in the [Centreon CIAM](../ciam/ciam.md) (Customer Identity and Access Management) module, Centreon’s access management tool. The person who first requests the Cloud Trial using the form becomes the "administrator". They will invite other users to the platform.

Author: ```suggestion
User accounts are managed in the [Centreon CIAM](../ciam/ciam.md) (Customer Identity and Access Management) module, Centreon’s access management tool. The person requesting the Cloud Trial using the form becomes the de facto administrator and is able to invite other users to the platform.
```

> User accounts are managed in the [Centreon CIAM](../ciam/ciam.md) (Customer Identity and Access Management) module, Centreon’s access management tool. The person who first requests the Cloud Trial using the form becomes the "administrator". They will invite other users to the platform.

Author: ```suggestion
User accounts are managed in the [Centreon CIAM](../ciam/ciam.md) (Customer Identity and Access Management) module, Centreon’s access management tool. The person requesting the Cloud Trial for your company becomes the administrator and is able to invite other users to the platform.
```

> User accounts are managed in the [Centreon CIAM](../ciam/ciam.md) (Customer Identity and Access Management) module, Centreon’s access management tool. Your administrator needs to create an organization and invite the other users to it so that all team members can work on the same Centreon platform. 

Reviewer 2: J'avais raté ça? Possible. 
L'organisation est créée automatiquement. D'ailleurs, on a complètement "caché" le concept d'organisation dans le cadre du trial.
"Your administrator" tout court,  je pense pas que ça va parler aux utilisateurs. Je pense qu'il vaut mieux parler de "celui qui a fait la requête pour le trial, qui joue le rôle d'administrateur de la PF"

### How to create an organization for your trial platform?

There are three steps to setting up your Centreon Cloud trial platform for an organization:

- Your administrator fills in [the form available on our website](https://www.centreon.com/free-trial/) using a professional email address.

- An email will be sent to that address to activate the account and create a password for it on Centreon CIAM.

- Your platform will then be automatically created. This process can take a few minutes, you will be notified by email once the platform has finished building.

> - Once the platform is ready, the administrator invites other users to create their own accounts on Centreon CIAM and join the trial.

Author: ```suggestion
- The platform is ready: the administrator invites other users to create their own accounts on Centreon CIAM and join the trial.
```
